hey all sup everybody know I'm saying
stuff like guys on YouTube everything
and I'm I don't know I know we all know
and we know everybody no air box or the
cinnamon challenge and I was like
beckham oh that's so easy but it better
like got to the point where i was about
to do it and then I kind of punked out
so in the video smiley meets with my
homeboy david AKA grandpa used to gym
music group net pop music group now
saying but he gonna be in there doing
the cinnamon challenge and this is high
spoke to it and this is how you not
saying else ladies I kissed I laughing
but I was gonna buzz watching a video
about 10 times just cuz but there's the
initial impact where you coughed up the
cinnamon it was like to wring games
simultaneously after each other and it
was just hilarious my homework reading
that guy he was greater than anything
else oh my goodness and there's some
dude came in he was like he was abused
by newest Emma child when they caught my
bus so it's just David they did it
that's what happened but anyways his
video i hope you liked it subscribe to
the channel like it thumbs it up shared
and everything so yeah send him a
challenge stop live got see something in
it
Oh